Updating old smart contract to match the new system (#4)
dragonchain-inc/custom-contract-node-sdk: README.md

# Calculator Example

This tutorial is an example of Dragonchain smart contract. 

### This short tutorial aims to answer the following

* Creating a smart contract

> * Simple Test Driven Smart Contrant using Mocha Chai framework 

Reviewer: Contract

Reviewer: Still needs correction

* Posting a smart contract
* Posting a transaction
* Querying a transaction 

### System requirements

* Must have Nodejs installed

> * Have an Ide/editor like vscode from Microsoft to use or any editor you are comfortable with.

Reviewer: You don't need an editor. People could write them in notepad if they really wanted.

> * Knownledge of OpenFaaS but not required

Reviewer: If these aren't requirements they shouldn't be under System Requirements. And since this is a simple app tutorial, we should just tell them any information they may need about OpenFaaS or Docker. Plus, they won't really need to know about OpenFaaS since we interact with it for them.

* Knowledge of Docker but not required (Learn something on it)

> ### Test Smart contract locally

Reviewer: We should have consistent capitalization. Either use `Smart Contract` or `smart contract`.

> This Smart contract testing basically show you that you can do more with our smart contract if you care about the We are going to use Mocha Chai for our testing. This will allow us to test our calculator before deploying it.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this section is trying to say.

Reviewer: This definitely needs to be rewritten. You stop in the middle of a sentence and the purpose of the statement isn't clear.

```bash
→ git clone <project_link>
→ cd <project_name>
→ cd custom-contract-js
→ npm install
→ mocha

  Testing calculator contract: 
    ✓ Addition......
    ✓ Substraction......
    ✓ multiplication......

```

package.json

```json
{
  "name": "calculator",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "mocha"
  },
  "keywords": [],
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "dependencies": {
    "get-stdin": "^5.0.1"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "chai": "^4.2.0",
    "mocha": "^6.0.2"
  }
}

```

> Once you are confident that all tests passed, we will need to build and deploy our Smart contract. 

Reviewer: I think I said this before, but `confident` isn't a great word to use here. I would use something more solid, like `certain`. 
I also think that the contract is already built by this point since we ran tests on it, yeah?

```
→ docker build -t <docker_username>/<contract_name> .
→ docker push <docker_username>/<contract_name>:latest
```

### Authentication requirements

> If you have a Dragonchain keys, you can do the following.

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary. If they don't have keys, they should be able to find out how to get some (buy a node of their own)

Using Node SDK, you will be able to post your contract.

```js

"use strict"
const fs = require('fs')
const { DragonchainClient} = require('dragonchain-sdk')
const dragonchainClient = new DragonchainClient("Dragonchain_id") // Replace with your actual chain id

> response(await dragonchainClient.overrideCredentials("authKeyId", "authKey")); // Replace with your actual keys

Reviewer: I don't think this is valid javascript

Author: It is a valid JavaScript. I just deleted the response function. I was gonna remove it out either way.

```
### Posting Smart Contract

>  Here is the payload to pass to the Dragonchain createCustomContract method inside ```index.js```

Reviewer: You don't want to automate deploying a smart contract. It'll collide and fail after the first successful run. This should be a manual step.

# Calculator Smart Contract Example (JavaScript)

> ## This short tutorial aims to answer the following

Reviewer: If you use the word `answer` you should also phrase the bullet points following as questions. ex: `How do I create a smart contract?`

* Creating a smart contract
* Simple Test Driven Smart Contract using Mocha Chai framework
* Posting a smart contract
* Posting a transaction
* Querying a transaction

### Requirements

* Must have Nodejs installed

> * Knowledge of Docker but not required (Learn something on it)

Reviewer: If it's not required, we shouldn't mention it as required 👍

### Clone the repo

```bash

> → git clone <project_link>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone <project_link> .
```

→ cd <project_name>
→ cd custom-contract-js
→ npm install
```

### Test Smart contract locally

> Unlike many other platform's smart contract, Dragonchain's smart contract is extensible. Below we will use JavaScript testing library Mocha Chai.

Reviewer: `platforms' smart contracts`. Because english.

  },
  "keywords": [],
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "dependencies": {
    "get-stdin": "^5.0.1"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "chai": "^4.2.0",
    "mocha": "^6.0.2"
  }
}

```

Once you are confident that all tests passed, we will need to build and deploy our Smart contract.

### Use Docker to build and push

```bash
→ docker build -t <docker_username>/<contract_name> .
→ docker push <docker_username>/<contract_name>:latest
```

### Authentication requirements

```js

"use strict"
const fs = require('fs')
const { DragonchainClient} = require('dragonchain-sdk')
const dragonchainClient = new DragonchainClient("Dragonchain_id") // Replace with your actual chain id
dragonchainClient.overrideCredentials("authKeyId", "authKey"); // Replace with your actual keys

```

### Posting Smart Contract

```js

const createResponse = await dragonchainClient.createContract(txn_type = "node_contract",
      image = "<docker_username>/<contract_name>:<latest>",
      cmd = "node",
      args = ["index.js"],
      execution_order = "parallel",
      auth = "<docker_auth_token_if_private_repository>"
);
```

#### Heap

> Dragonchain blockchain uses heap which stores data to the blockchain.

> What is a heap? A heap is a chain storage value where smart contract's state/data is stored on the chain. A Heap takes a (key, value).

Reviewer: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(data_structure)

> If you take a look at the calculator smart contract, you will notice that we are returning a key and a value state/data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this smart contract, we return a key value pair.
```

# Calculator Smart Contract Example (JavaScript)

## Overview

* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Authentication Requirements](#authentication-requirements)
* [Create a Smart Contract](#create-a-smart-contract)
* [Using Docker](#using-docker)
* [Test Smart contract locally](#test-smart-contract-locally)
* [Post a Smart Contract](#post-a-smart-contract)
* [Post a Transaction](#post-a-transaction)
* [Query a Transaction](#query-a-transaction)
* [Heap](#heap)

### Requirements

>[Dragonchain Node.js SDK](https://github.com/dragonchain-inc/dragonchain-sdk-node)

* Must have Node.js installed
* Must install Dragonchain Node.js SDK

### Creating a Smart Contract

```sh
git clone https://github.com/dragonchain-inc/custom-contract-node-sdk/tree/master
cd <project_name>
cd custom-contract-js
npm install
```

### Test Smart Contract Locally

Run mocha on your terminal

```sh
mocha

Testing calculator contract:
  ✓ Addition......
  ✓ Substraction......
  ✓ multiplication......
```

Once all tests have passed, you can build your contract.

### Using Docker

> 

Reviewer: There's no explanation here about what the following commands do anymore.

```sh
docker build -t image_name.
docker push image_name
```

### Authentication Requirements

> Create file called index.js and add the code below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create index.js and add the following code:
```

    'version': '1',
    'txn_type': 'calculator',
    'payload': {
        'method': 'multiplication',
        'parameters': {
            'numOne': 3,
            'numTwo': 3
        }
    }
}

// Creating a new transaction
const createTxnResponse = await dragonchainClient.createTransaction(payload);
```

### Query a Transaction

```js
// Grab the transaction id from the response above and use it to query the transaction
const createResponse = await dragonchainClient.queryTransactions('txn_id:'<transaction_id>'');
```

### Heap

> Dragonchain blockchain uses heap which stores data to the blockchain.
What is a heap? A heap is a chain storage value where smart contract's state/data is stored on the chain. A Heap takes a (key, value).
If you take a look at the calculator smart contract, you will notice that we are returning a key and a value state/data. 
Example in the code:

```js

{
  'Values': {
      'numOne': parameters['numOne'],
      'numTwo': parameters['numTwo']
  },
  'addition': calculatorService.addition(parameters)
}
```

> The above key value is stored in the blockchain. To get your transaction from the smart contract heap, you must do the following:

```js

> // Read a single data from the heap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Read data from the heap
```

}
```

> The above key value is stored in the blockchain. To get your contract head, you must do the following:

```js
// Read a single data from the heap
const getSCResponse = await  dragonchainClient.getSmartContractHeap("addition", "calculator", true);
```

> #### Post and Query transaction

Reviewer: either put `a` back or change it to `transactions`

```js
const payload = {
    "version": "1",
    "txn_type": "calculator",
    "payload": {
        "method": "multiplication",
        "parameters": {
            "numOne": 3,
            "numTwo": 3
        }
    }
}

> // Post/Creat Transaction

Reviewer: Create

> The above key value is stored in the blockchain. To get your contract head, you must do the following:

```js

> // Get single data from the heap

Reviewer: Should be like
```suggestion
// Read a single key from the heap
```

Reviewer: > Should be like
> 
> Suggested change 
> // Get single data from the heap
> // Read a single key from the heap

    ]
}

> // Register a transaction if you would like to just post transactions. Comment out createCustomContract code

Reviewer: This doesn't seem relevant. This tutorial is to deploy a simple smart contract to get familiar with the system; transaction types are out of scope.
